[IN-1395_WORDPRESS_CONTENT_SETTINGS_UPDATE] Added spider toggle (#78)
sailthru/sailthru-wordpress-plugin: changelog.md

# Changelog

## v3.5.0 (2020-07-01)

> Added functionality for users to change Spider value in API calls (defaults to enabled), renamed Global Vars to Custom Fields and changed its wording on Content Settings page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added option for users to change Spider value in Content API calls (defaults to enabled)
Renamed Global Vars to Custom Fields and updated helper text on Content Settings page
```
